PROGRAMMING CHALLENGES - JAVA
(https://github.com/karan/Projects-Solutions/blob/master/README.md)
(startup in a car)

01. FIZZ BUZZ - done
Write a program that counts up to 100, and prints out each number, but prints
"Fizz" if the number is divisible by 3. "Buzz" if the number is divisible by
5, and "FizzBuzz" if the number is divisible by both 3 and 5.
Bonus: Allow the user to input a number they would like the fizzbuzz app to
stop at. So if the user enters 163, the fizzbuzz app counts up to 163.

02. CONVERT TO SECONDS - done
Write a function that takes a number of hours and converts it to seconds. You
could say something like var years = 24; var months = 8, etc and figure out
how many minutes old you are.
Optional: Use the date object to figure out how old you are in seconds.

03. REMOVE FALSE VALUES FROM ARRAY
Remove all the false values from an array. Create an array with several true,
and false values, then filter the array returning only the true elements.
array.filter() is a good place to start.

04. REVERSE A STRING - done
Write a function that takes a string as a parameter and reverses the string.
"reverses" becomes "sesrever", etc
Optional: Use a regular expression to remove everything that is not a letter.

05. IS BINARY OR NOT - done
Write a function that takes a number, and returns true if the input is binary,
or false otherwise. Binary meaning the number only consists of 1's and 0's.

06. FACTORIALS - done
Write a function that calculates factorials. So giving the function 9 would
output the total of 9 * 8 * 7 * 6 * 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1.

07. FIBONACCI SEQUENCE - done
Write a function that outputs a string of the fibonacci series up to the
number specified. So fibonacciFunction(8) would return "0 1 1 2 3 5 8 13". The
first characters are 0 & 1, then after that you add the previous number to the
current number, and that is the next number. Look at the pattern if you don't
understand.

08. IS A PALINDROME - done
Write a function that determines if a word is a palindrome (Ex: racecar spelled
backwards is racecar).
Optional: Use a regular expression to remove everything that is not a letter. Ex:
r4c3. caar5;.,  the regular expression will remove everything so the string is
only rccaar and rccaar is not a palindrome.

09. REPEATING A STRING - done
Write a function that takes a string and a number. Have the program make a
string that repeats the string passed in n times. Example: repeatString("Dog",
6); would print out "DogDogDogDogDogDog"

10. LONGEST WORD IN A STRING - done
Write a function that takes a string and returns the longest word inside that
string.

11. COUNT LETTERS IN A STRING - done
Count Vowels in a string:
Count the number of vowels in a string, and return the total # of vowels.
Optional: Count the number of occurrences for each letter. Example:
"I am the string being tested"  will return something like:
i = 3, a = 1, m = 1, t = 4, h = 1, e = 4, s = 2, r = 1, n = 2, g = 2, b = 1, d =
1

12. CAPITALIZE FIRST LETTER OF EACH WORD
Capitalize the first letter of each word in a string. Write a function to take
strings as arguments

13. LOOPING THROUGH NESTED ARRAYS - done
Write a function that takes an array of arrays, and pushes the highest number
of each array into a "largest array" array. So [[6, 18, 92], [2, 132, 4], [5,
4, 3]] would return [92, 132, 5]   (The largest number of each array).

14. CONFIRM STRING ENDING
Write a function that takes two parameters: a string, and another string. If
the second string is the last part of the first string return true, otherwise
return false. Example: stringCheck("Hello I am tommy", "my"); would return
true because "my" is the last section of "Hello I am tommy".

15. CREATE DECKS OF CARDS
Write a function that takes a number. Create that many decks of cards and shuffle
the deck.
Bonus: Take number of players as another argument and pass all the cards out to
those players.

PROJECTS:
16. USER WAS HERE
Write an app that greets the user with a form so they can submit their name.
Store the names in a database and display all the names on a page.

17. COIN FLIP - done
Write a program that asks the player to choose heads or tails, then have the
program randomly choose "Heads" or "Tails". Let the player know if they won or
lost and ask if they want to play again. Bonus: Add a betting feature. Ask the
player how much he would like to bet. If player wins/loses, add/subtract the
amount they bet to their total money and let the user know how much money they
have.

18. TIC-TAC-TOE
Write a tic-tac-toe game either in the command line or for the browser. Once
the game is finished offer to play again and count how many wins and losses
the user has. You can make the computer player choose its position randomly,
or make calculations to make the game more difficult to win.

19. BLACKJACK - done
First write a blackjack game in the command line. You can do it without card
images, but once you finish try finding a collection of images and taking the
blackjack game to the browser. Give the player some cash and allow him to make
bets. Make sure you apply all the rules of blackjack and play several times to
fix any bugs. Make the computer stay once his hard hand is 17 or higher.

20. AIRLINE / HOTEL RESERVATION SYSTEM
Create a reservation system which books airline seats or hotel rooms. It
charges various rates for particular sections of the plane or hotel. Example,
first class is going to cost more than coach. Hotel rooms have penthouse
suites which cost more. Keep track of when rooms will be available and can be
scheduled.

OTHERS
21. FILE I/O, ARRAY, FUNCTION, STRING
Get contents of an external file (table, etc.) and store it in a two-dimensional
array, and display the array by a function call
